Thank you for waiting.
Next time, we'll have a re-release sale.
What kind of re-release?
The new clothes that have been cut off by the new rules.
You can re-dye them like your clothes.
This is different from re-dyeing.
You're a traitor.
I'm sorry. This is a hot line.
I'll tell you something.
When you're looking for clothes,
you should match the clothes with the clothes you're wearing.
It's easier to wear clothes at the end of the month.
You're so annoying.
Please explain the re-products.
I understand.
The main product is decorated with this wind.
Is that so?
The one at the end is a flower-shaped cut.
What is that?
You can't throw it away.
Will it be anything?
Yes, it can be a string of a leaf.
Is it a string of a leaf?
Yes, it's a string of a leaf.
It's dirty.
It's a piece of a bamboo that's been cut.
It's easy to use.
This is a stick used by the
I'm sorry.
It's not that old.
It's sour and I can't eat it.
That's why it says
that you're sorry for being
sorry about that poster.
I'm sorry.
Thank you for waiting.
This is the roof garden.
It's not bad.
Look at that.
Excuse me.
That's a gas tank.
Oh, a gas tank.
That's a water tank.
This is my face.
Excuse me.
But there aren't many tall buildings
that I can look at.
Yes, they're all high-rise buildings.
So they're not tall?
Yes, they're all round.
Don't be silly.
I want to take a picture.
You can't take a picture
in a place like that.
Oh, I can't?
It's dangerous.
What are you going to do
if you look from there?
I'll look down.
You can't.
Oh, I see.
It's really dangerous.
You're going to jump off
and commit suicide.
I'm not going to commit suicide.
I'm going to travel.
You're so rude.
I'm afraid I have to.
Yes?
I'd like to get a guide.
How many guides do you have?
I'll give you 50 points.
Oh, I see.
I don't have any details.
How about a five-yen bill?
Oh, thank you very much.
Oh, wait.
What?
How about a fishing fee?
From Kozeni Fusutei's cage,
the Tohya shop
doesn't give you a fishing fee.
You're so selfish.
You're going to give me a five-yen bill.
You're so rude.
I'm sorry.
I'll give you the remaining four-yen bill.
I brought a fishing fishing rod.
Here you are.
I don't need it.
I have mine.
I'm not going to give you a five-yen bill.
I'm going to give you a five-yen bill.
That's a lot of money.